look it out another beautiful day for
scrapping thought I'd show you guys this
um these are my winter tires already
head to ear holes out and game a little
grindy grindy and ate all the tasty
paint chips and I use this it was a
piece of scrap I kind of curved it and I
use it so I don't have to tape off my
rims right love my magnetic can cozy so
I can get drunken spray paint at the
same time but oh this is works great you
know you can you know we've got a tape
off and you just got to keep moving it
works pretty good I put all these cans
the scrapyard does not want these I'll
tell you why I went to the scrapyard and
I had a whole bunch of these empty cans
in the back of my truck well there I
only had like five or six of them and I
start throwing the pile and they have
this I know he's like the warden he's
like the game warden for the scrap yard
and he always hangs out by the steel
pile to make sure you're not you know
throw him plastic in there or throwing
you know your trash in there he said
they would take them but you gotta like
drill a hole in them because when they
bail these they crush all their ten and
they bail it and that goes in the train
yard and it eventually ends up in
shipping containers and Hudson River and
then you know port of Albany and then
off to China probably but um he said
just cut a hole in them and then they'll
take them but he still he want some
empty so the best way I found to put a
hole in these magnetic can cozy love it
you don't drill a hole you don't stab
hole because then you end up with spray
paint all over you um the gases in here
they're not
they're not as harmful for the
environment as they used to be and it's
like you bought the can you're releasing
all the air into the atmosphere anyways
I don't know what the chemical is but
it's um not zone depleting but it's just
a little bit of a greenhouse gas I think
I'm not 100% certain but it's a lot
safer for the environment than the old
stuff but the best way I found as you
cut them right here and look at that no
spray paint came out I didn't make a
mess you know it's safe now there's a
hole in it the guy at the scrap yard is
gonna squeeze it probably and it works
on everything there's some engine
degreaser and uh there's some more spray
paint look at that then it get any paint
on my hands then it get any paint on my
workbench and I can throw them in my tin
bucket and a scrapyard will take them
now so just remember guys uh scrap is
everywhere all you got to do is find it
sort it and hoard it so uh thanks for
watching don't forget to subscribe